>> Steve Kinney: So
QuerySnapshots are an object.
There's basically two major
objects that we're gonna get back
from Cloud Firestore, right?
Well we just said .collectionpost, we got
a reference to that place in the database
but we didn't get anything
from the database.
Those previous ones we
saw before was post and
then I like an idea of a given document
and that was a reference to that place
in the database, but
it wasn't necessarily the data.
When we request the data with a git, or
try to put data with an update or a set,
or even delete it with a delete, right,
we'll delete, you're not gonna get back
data, but if we request it,
we’re going to get back a snapshot.
Either if it’s for a collection of things,
we’ll get back a QuerySnapshot and
if we request one document,
we will get back a document snapshot,
which is just an object
that represents our data.
And QuerySnapshots, they have a few
properties and a few methods.
And I just wanna talk about them a little
bit before we start playing with them so
we kinda have a sense,
basically we can see the forest for
the trees before we get
too deep into the code.
QuerySnapshots have
a property called docs,
that is an array of document snapshots,
all right, that makes sense.
And we have a property called empty,
that is true if the query was empty,
and it is false if it's not.
Seems so far so good.
Metadata is just where it came from,
so on and so forth.
Query is basically if you needed to get
back to the actual query that you fired to
go ahead and refine it and
do something else on those lines as
a reference back to that query object.
And the size is the number of
documents in the QuerySnapshot.
So those are properties,
there's also some methods.
The methods are docChanges,
this will actually give you back,
it'll fire an event, basically, again,
add it and give you a document,
removed, updated, right?
For each, we'll go ahead and
let you iterate through,
then isEqual will let you take another
query snapshot and see if they're equal.
Cuz we know that JavaScript, you can
take two objects that look pretty much
the same, two arrays,
but they're not equal.
This will go ahead and
actually compare them to see if they
are theoretically the same documents.
docChanges, you can also,
we'll see later, we saw that docs,
we can have all the documents or
the kinda changes,
like the depths of each one of them added,
remove, so you can do either one.
We're gonna be using docs and
just kinda replacing them, but
you can see a world where if using
something like redox, right, and
you're firing events of like document
added, stuff along those lines,
you could theoretically use those and
fire the actions, right?
And if you're implementing
something like undo or
something along those lines, having
the individual things that changed might
be more useful to you than just
the latest state of the world.
For our purposes we're going to take
the latest state of the world today,
like here are all the new documents,
update the state of our application.
And that is generally speaking for a lot
of applications what you don't want, but
you can imagine something, again,
where if you wanted to have previous
revision history client side you can keep
all those so on and so fourth, right?
Those are all options as well.